Add Angular CLI and Libjpeg-turbo files (#391)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/libjpeg.md

---
name: Libjpeg-turbo

> category: Media

Author: Media isn't a listed category. Review again.

description: Libjpeg-turbo is a popular library for compressing JPEG images, helping to minimize the size of image data for easier storage or transmission.
download_url: https://github.com/libjpeg-turbo/libjpeg-turbo/releases
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 1.3.0
    release_date: 2015/07/28

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://libjpeg-turbo.org/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://libjpeg-turbo.org/Downloads/YUM
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: Linux/ARM64 release notes are not available. Installation and Testing were done using "apt install libjpeg-turbo8*-dev" kindly refer [this](https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libjpeg-turbo). The minimum version of libjpeg-turbo v1.3.0 corresponds to ubuntu:14.04 and v2.1.2 to ubuntu:22.04.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: Linux/ARM64 release notes are not available. Installation and Testing are done using "apt install libjpeg-turbo8*-dev". Kindly refer [here](https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libjpeg-turbo). The minimum version of libjpeg-turbo v1.3.0 corresponds to ubuntu:14.04 and v2.1.2 to ubuntu:22.04.
```
